# Simplest Programming Language
### Hello Everyone

- I am on the way to create my first programming language.
- It is basically a complier that is including all the essential features of a compiler.

### Why do I want to create a programming Language?

1. I am a programmer.
2. I want to learn programming.
3. Why not? If I am a programmer, I want to learn programming and I want to create my own programming language because I can do it and I have to do it otherwise it's a shame that I am a programmer and I can't even create a simple programming language.

Ahhhh.. Grrr..

Moving on to the next section.

### What is a programming language?
You know what? I don't know.
But I know the definition of a programming language that it is a language that is used to write programs that are executed by a computer. And it is wriiten in a human readable way. And it is easy to understand. And it is easy to write. And it is easy to execute.

But wait... Do computers understand programming languages?
The answer is no...
They don't...
Then how do they understand a programming language?
The answer is that they don't understand it. We actually translate it into a code that the computer can understand.
And that is called machine code. And that is what the computer understands.

It is generated by the compiler.
Okey...

Now what is the compiler?
The compiler is the program that translates the human readable programming language into machine code.

Alright so the definitions are done.

* Note - Another definition of a programming language can be that - It is a set of rules that define how to write programs. Alright? Now Let's move on to the next section.

### What am I gonna do in this project?

Answer - I am gonna code a compiler.
And tell you the whole process via the comments.

Maybe one day I will be presenting this project in the class or college. "I really hope so."

### What are my expactations from myself?

My expactations from myself are :
- Atleast this project should work whithout any errors.
- I should be able to understand the code that I wrote.
- I should be able to explain my code to others.

Well, I am not sure about the last one. so that's it for my expactations.


### What are my expectations from you guys?
My expectations from you guys are :
- You should be able to understand the code that I wrote.
- You should be able to explain my code to others.
- You should be able to create a better compiler than the one that I wrote.

I know you guys are all busy and you don't have any time to write a compiler. 'cause you have big projects to do and big startups to start, big companies to buy.

But atleast you should try.

### What am gonna do after this project?

Well this is a simple programming language.
So after this project, I am gonna create a complex programming language.
Well.. I am just gonna create a better compiler.

I can also call this project Simplest Compiler.

### Let's Move Further

- This programming language will be written in TypeScript.
- It will use Node.js.
- We will enjoy the process of writing the compiler.

#### And My Name is -  Himanshu Jangid /AKA/ Vedik Dev.


Thank you for reading the readme. 
In case you have any questions, feel free to contact me.
Instagram: @himy.in
Github: @himanshurajora 


I Love You All.

*** 
There may be some updates in the future.
***

My Dream is to Be A Teacher Right Now.


